MobiKwik iOS SDK is a ready to use native solution for iOS applications (iOS 7 and above) to start accepting payments. This SDK provides both, fully functional user interface and API based methods for merchants who want to use their own interface.


## Payment Options
Based on requirements, merchants can choose from the following list of payment methods that are supported by SDK:
- MobiKwik Wallet Payments
- Card Payments
- Saved Cards
- Net Banking

>### Note
> All payment methods except MobiKwik Wallet, provide both UI and Non-UI functions. MobiKwik Wallet requires detailed user authorisation hence it contains it’s own UI.


## Prerequisites
Before starting with client integration process for your iOS application, please make sure that following steps and requirements have been met.
- **Merchant Identifier :** All MobiKwik merchants are provided with a unique merchant id e.g. MBK9002. You can find your merchant id and secret key in your MobiKwik [merchant account](https://wallet.mobikwik.com).
 
- **Merchant Checksum URL :** All network calls from SDK are checksum protected. This checksum is calculated by merchant server with a secret key which is available in your MobiKwik merchant account.

- **Merchant Response URL :** MobiKwik notifies merchant server at this URL regarding transaction’s state. This URL is also used for card, saved cards and netbanking payment methods.


## Integration

###Add SDK to Project

MobiKwik SDK is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'MobiKwik SDK', '~> 2.0'
```

If you have enabled Bitcode in your project, you need to add following line in your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'MobiKwik SDK/Bitcode', '~> 2.0'
```

If you are not using CocoaPods in your project, download the required MobiKwik `.framework` file from this GitHub page. Drag & drop the framework in your project. Make sure that you check the option `Copy items if needed`.

###Initiate Payment Engine

All the payment requests and responses are handled by class `MKSDKPaymentEngine` and its delegate methods. Create an instance of payment engine class which resides in memory till transaction lasts.

```obj-c
#import <MobiKwikSDK/MobiKwikSDK.h>

@interface CheckoutPageVC ()<MKSDKPaymentDelegate>
@property MKSDKPaymentEngine *MBKSDKInstance;
@end

- (void)viewDidLoad
{
    [super viewDidLoad];
    // Do any additional setup after loading the view.
    self.MBKSDKInstance = [[MKSDKPaymentEngine alloc] init];
   [self.MBKSDKInstance setDelegate:self];
```

####Delegates
All the responses of the transaction will be provided by SDK in respective delegate methods.
```obj-c
#pragma mark - MobiKwik SDK Delegates

-(void)mksdkPaymentSucceeded:(MKSDKPaymentInfo *)payment
{
    //Payment SUCCESS
}

-(void)mksdkPaymentFailed:(MKSDKPaymentInfo *)payment withError:(NSError *)failError
{
    //Payment FAILED with error. Status code is error.code , failure description is failError.localizedDescription
}

-(void)mksdkPaymentInitiated:(MKSDKPaymentInfo *)payment inWebview:(UIWebView *)webview
{
    //Payment started re-directing to bank page in webview.
}

-(void)mksdkPaymentHitTimeOut
{
    //Payment HIT TIMEOUT
}

-(void)mksdkPaymentWebpageStartedLoading
{
    //Webpage Started Loading
}

-(void)mksdkPaymentWebpageStoppedLoading
{
    //Webpage Stopped Loading
}

```

 - **mksdkPaymentSucceeded :** Transaction got completed successfully.

 - **mksdkPaymentFailed :** Transaction failed because of an error failError. Status code is present in code property of failError object and reason for failure in localizedDescription property.
 
 - **mksdkPaymentInitiated :** When using your own UI, SDK will provide you with an UIWebView object running bank redirects. Merchants can use this webview in their own UI.
 
 - **mksdkPaymentHitTimeOut :** While using your own UI, SDK notifies merchant with this delegate that a bank page is taking time to load. You can ask to either wait for it to load or cancel transaction.
 
 - **mksdkPaymentWebpageStartedLoading :** While using your own UI, SDK notifies merchant that a bank page has started to load in provided UIWebView object.
 
 - **mksdkPaymentWebpageStoppedLoading :** While using your own UI, SDK notifies merchant that a bank page has stopped loading in provided UIWebView object.


####Payment Info
SDK takes payment information from merchant in an object of class `MKSDKPaymentInfo`. You need to provide all the required information regarding merchant and user in this object.

| Parameters                | Description   |
| :-------------------------: | :-------------: |
| txnEmail                  | Email id of user |
| txnPhoneNo                | Cell number of user      |
| txnAmount                 | Transaction amount, upto 2 decimal places      |
| txnOrderID                | Order id generated by merchant      |
| txnMerchantMBKID          | Merchant id from MobiKwik merchant account      |
| txnMerchantName           | Name of merchant visible to user      |
| txnMerchantChecksumURL    | Checksum URL as mentioned above      |
| txnMerchantResponseURL    | Response URL as mentioned above      |
| txnPrintLogs              | TRUE to print logs else FALSE      |
| txnModeSandBox            | TRUE for staging environment else FALSE for production      |
| txnChecksum               | If you have already fetched checksum from merchant server, then pass it in this parameter to avoid SDK doing a network call to checksum URL.      |


## Author

Akashdeep, akashdeep@mobikwik.com

## License

TestCocoaPod is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
